glitter glider dolls our newest small
dolls they have brand new dress
silhouette the litter features and their
sculpted to illustrate emotion because
on the bottom of the doll you have two
wheels that allow them to glide on any
flat surface like this for example down
each princess comes with their best
friend who also has a ball bearing to
glide down and the best part is every
princess has removable fashion the
childís it's a clip on the end pull out
so now Belle can wear Cinderella's dress
vice versa all about bringing the
princesses together and this is a
glitter glider castle to go along with
our glitter glider dolls it comes
already with Cinderella and gus-gus and
not only does it support the gliding
feature of the dollar's it also supports
our flip and switch castle line so the
child can bring her flippin such passes
the shard has at home
and plug them in here plug it in here
mix and match it up really customize and
build out and this is a big on qual I
don't
frozen is a guffin mm-hmm
so here we have our ice-skating Elsa and
on the dolls they're addressing their
iconic dress from the film but we
tweaked it just a little bit so it's ice
friendly and these dolls have opposable
arms and opposable legs and they come
with a removable base down here so it's
easy for the little fingers to hold on
to for our younger consumers and the
idea as you just move the doll backwards
and forwards and she pretty much does
all the work herself she bends her kicks
her leg back and moves her arms and the
honor doll does exactly the same thing
these two dolls in the back
although they're sold separately it's
when the girls come together in advance
that they went out
to be harmonized together they light up
together
something like
and what's going on over here we have a
little over here Pacific item press in
spring our castle playset this is Elsa's
castle that she makes when she free of
the town of arendelle so it comes with
3-inch Elsa doll best buddy Olaf is
everyone's favorite and then a match
will light up beat up and feature the
chanson that pushes this button right
here and the castle will illuminate from
behind and will light up just like it I
can see a little bit yeah okay there's
another there you go
and right here again going off of our
flip switch castle line that we release
which and again right so this is one of
those you can take this take that and
put it we'll put it over there so now
you have honor dancing with the belt and
who ever thought you could bring those
princesses together right so it's all
about just customizing it roll video
there be a flip and switch also at some
point properly as I'm away but I haven't
they haven't told me anything so I'm
yeah I'm sure she's still like Sofia the
first I watching us she's so cute
Gracie would have totally been a huge
Sofia fan if she were there together
let me just look at the other